Nakodo, you asked me to lend you a kimono.
I'll lend it to you.
Where is Nakodo?
The chair shop at that time.
Speaking of which, I heard rumors about it from about a month ago.
You are Nakodo, it's fine.
There is a moon, and the god is a moon.
You are Hakama, a moon.
I can't help it.
I'll lend it to you.
I'm not worried about that.
But it's an extra thing.
Since your god has been in the old town for a long time,
I'm sure you can do it.
I'll leave your god's hand.
I'm not sure if I can do it.
You should know about Takasagoya.
Takasagoya is easy to understand.
What?
The chair of the sumo wrestler in RyÅoku?
That's not it.
That's not Takasagoya.
Then, I'll teach you.
I'm not sure if you can do it.
I'm not sure if you can sing.
Do you know?
No.
I don't know.
I'll teach you.
It's just the shape.
It's not good.
That's right.
I'm not sure if you can do it.
You're not guilty.
I'll teach you.
Look at my face.
I'm just imitating you.
Look at me more closely.
If you do only the head,
you'll be a newbie.
I'll do the rest.
You're making a bad face.
You're not good at it.
What's the matter with you?
You have to sing like this.
Can't you sing better?
If you sing well, you'll be a newbie.
You can't sing so well.
You can't sing like this.
You're an idiot.
Do you know the sound of the evening?
It's easy to understand.
You can't sing well.
The sound of the evening is good.
You can't sing so well.
You're good.
I forgot.
You can't sing like that.
You can't sing so well.
You're good.
Hinnatekanye Nark 110
Takashi Takeyama
Shipan
I'll change my loudly next time.
Oh, I see.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Takafui.
Is there a guy named Takafui?
It's Takasagoya.
Takasagoya, isn't it?
Huh?
I should have said it in the first place.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Takasagoya, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come to this ship, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I'm running with a dog.
Well, wait.
Anyway, one person.
I have to remember it, but I don't know what it is.
I'm trying my best.
Let's go over there and cry.
Come on, this is the first time I've been in a grave.
It's the first time I've been in a grave.
I'm here with a hundred people.
It's just that I'm shaking.
It's of no use.
The lady broke her bones by herself.
I finally felt like a moon.